Make terraform error output available in termination log (#93)
gardener/terraformer: README.md

signals. It will try to relay `SIGINT` and `SIGTERM` to the running Terraform process in order to stop the ongoing
infrastructure operations on Pod deletion.

## Termination log

If the Terraform command execution fails (e.g. because of invalid credentials or similar), Terraformer will copy
Terraform's logs to `$base_dir/terraform-termination-log` (where `$base_dir` is the directory specified in the
`--base-dir` command line flag (defaults to `/`)). Controllers deploying Terraformer Pods for infrastructure management

> can set `Container.terminationMessagePath` to this file path to have the `kubelet` populate the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
can set `spec.containers[].terminationMessagePath` in the `Pod` specification to this file path to have the `kubelet` populate the
```

> `Pod.status.containerStatuses[].lastState.terminated.message` field (see this [doc](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/debug-application-cluster/determine-reason-pod-failure/#customizing-the-termination-message)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`.status.containerStatuses[].lastState.terminated.message` field (see this [doc](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/debug-application-cluster/determine-reason-pod-failure/#customizing-the-termination-message)
```
